# Individual Assignment Specifications

- Team: GrantFinder
- Iteration: Iteration 1

## Special Roles

- Project Coordinator: Adam
- Quality Assurance Czar: Ryan
- Video Demo Creators:
  - Ryan,xxx
  - Mac, xxx
- Demo-Booth Operator: Chris

## Tasks: Mac

### Task 1: Results view
- Description: Develop view for results page, and ensure it loads correctly with styling.
- How to Evaluate: Browse to the results page and make sure content is shown correctly. The search results should be displayed as found by search.
- Outcome of Task: The results page show results based on the user's query. It also contain pagination to make it look more clean.

### Task 2: Obtain Details of Grants
- Description: Populate a database with a description of the grants generated by Ryan’s scraping script.
- How to Evaluate: If a Grant's individual page has a description of the grant, this task was completed.
- Outcome of Task: The Database was able to be populated from the CSV and JSON data. So each grant page is able to show it corresponding grant description.

## Tasks: Ryan

### Task 1: Create script to scrape NIH grant purpose
- Description: Each grant, from the exported NIH dataset, has an associated link to itself. In this page includes a purpose of the grant. I will need to scrape this purpose. However I will need to account for each different document type, since the structure of the page varies.
- How to Evaluate: The script should be able to scrape the purpose for every document type.
- Outcome of Task: This was able to be complete on time.


### Task 2: Create term vector from grant purpose
- Description: Once every grant’s purpose has been extracted, I need to form the corresponding term vector for each.
- How to Evaluate: Every term vector is correctly created for the purpose.
- Outcome of Task: I was able to generate a JSON data file that contains the scrapped data (description and term vector) which was then used to

## Tasks: Chris

### Task 1: Create Grant Information Page
- Description:  User will be able view Title, Release Date, Expired Date, Document Number, Document Type, Activity Code, Clinical Trials and URL from the information page.
- How to Evaluate: A page containing all critical information about each grant available in the NIH database should be viewable and accessible from other view pages which redirect to this page.  
- Outcome of Task: Each grant has an associated page, so this was able to be completed

## Tasks: Adam


### Task 1: Create Search Page View
- Description: I will create the view for the page that will house our search bar. I will also be responsible for how it looks, including creating a graphic to put above the search bar itself.
- How to Evaluate: This task should be considered complete when a page, pleasing to the eye, with a search bar, has been created.
- Outcome of Task: We were able to create this page that links to the search results page.

### Task 2: Create a Search Function
- Description: I will need to create a search function that will take the term entered into the search bar and use the LSA algorithm to produce cosine values. These values will then be used by the Results Page.
- How to Evaluate: This task should be considered complete when a function, using the terms and grants tables, is capable of producing the cosine value, is functional and put in place within the search page.
- Outcome of Task: This still needs to get finshed since we have yet to complete the LSA functionality yet.